Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(upbeat bright music)
(waves crashing)
- Okay. Marco. it's time.
You have one heart left
to give out tonight.
What's going through your mind?
- To be honest. Emily. so much.
Every one of these women are
special in their own way.
- I'd hate to fumble
the opening kickoff.
if you know what I mean.
- I'd hate to fumble
the opening kickoff.
if you know what I mean.
- Using a football
analogy. Nice touch.
- I thought so myself.
- I know this is
hard for you. Marco.
Still. you have to choose.
Who's it gonna be?
(dramatic music)
Candace. will you step forward?
Will you accept this heart.
continue this journey with me?
- (sobbing) I'm sorry.
(dramatic music)
- Cut. Resetting.
We'll pick it up from
Emily's question.
- Resetting everybody.
Back to one.
- Don't even think about
cutting that camera.
Follow that contestant.
- We don't have time.
We're losing the light.
We've got to complete
this set up by sundown.
- Just keep going. I'll get it.
- What was that Keith?
- What's the big deal?
- The biggest drama of the
night just ran off in tears
and you stopped rolling.
That's the big deal.
- Who cares?
It's episode one.
Just have him pick someone else.
Props!
Let's get a fresh
heart out here.
- You're absolutely right.
We could use a little
freshening up out here.
- [Marco] Candace.
will you step forward?
Will you accept this heart.
continue this journey with me?
- [Candace] (sobbing) I'm sorry.
- It's the first episode.
We can't end it with
Marco getting rejected.
It'll ruin his whole image.
- Yeah. it's not a great look.
- Maybe we can fix it.
How are you feeling?
You ready to talk?
- (sobbing) I'm
just so embarrassed.
I thought this would
help me get over my Ex.
but it just made
me miss him more.
- [Luke] What would you say to
Marco if you had the chance?
- He's a really great guy
and he deserves
someone really special.
- You shot this in high
resolution. I assume.
- Do you even need to ask?
- No. but the audio's suspect.
We'll have to subtitle it.
- Tough crowd.
- Still...
it works.
Look at you Romeo.
saving the episode.
- Just gotta run it by Keith.
- That might be difficult.
- You fired him?
- Found his lack of respect
to be bit troubling.
I'm the executive producer.
not an unpaid intern.
- (scoffs) Who's
gonna take his place?
- I have someone in mind.
That is. if you
think they'll fit.
- (scoffs) Uh...
(chuckles)
- Don't let me down.
(gentle music)
- [Announcer] Welcome
back to another season
of "Heart Choices."
It's time to meet this
year's King of Hearts.
- [Marco] My name is Marco Tate.
I'm 32 years old and
I'm ready to find love.
- You're on a
dating show. buddy.
You better be.
- Shh! This is the
most important part.
- I'm a former pro football
player from Columbus. Ohio.
I'm super competitive.
but I have a soft side as well.
Here's to finding the
queen of my heart.
Cheers.
- [All Girls] Cheers!
- Athlete from the Midwest.
Please. they could at at
least make it challenging.
These are gonna be the easiest
fantasy picks I ever made.
- He said like two words.
How do you know who
he's gonna pick?
- We all have our skills.
Mine just happens
to be a useless one.
- [Announcer] Stay tuned
to meet the 16 lucky ladies
that will fight for his hand
on this season of
"Heart Choices."
- None of you guys
are here for Marco.
- They're gonna make
this one the villain.
- And how do you know this?
- The villains are
always pointing.
- People think that I'm shallow.
but I'm actually. I'm deep.
I'm talking. I'm ocean deep.
- And always have
non-existent jobs.
- My favorite animal of the sea
would have to be the dolphin
because they seem
sweet and innocent.
but they can kill sharks.
So.
- I'm keeping my
eye on this one.
She's a shoo-in for the semis.
- [Candace] It's
my absolute passion
to bring delectable
treats to people.
And I can't wait for
Marco to try them.
- Okay. hot shot.
what's gonna happen
with Candace D?
- Oh. she's a top
five pick for me.
but I smell a secret.
- I know this is
hard for you. Marco.
Still. you have to choose.
Who's it gonna be?
- Candace. will
you step forward?
- Here it comes.
Wait for it.
- Will you accept this heart.
continue this journey with me?
- (sobbing) I'm sorry.
- [Announcer] Can the
King of Hearts recover
from unexpected rejection?
Tune in next week to find
out on "Heart's Choices?"
- Did I call it or what?
- I never should have
doubted you. well done.
- Well done yourself.
It's gorgeous.
- You think so?
I'm so nervous about
my meeting tomorrow
that I thought I should at least
put one more look together.
- Oh. my gosh.
Your investor meeting.
that's tomorrow?
- Katie Creighton of
Creighton Metro Capital.
3:00 PM sharp.
- I'm officially the
worst. I completely forgot.
I never would've made you
watch mindless TV with me.
- Oh. no. It's fine.
I needed something
to distract me.
My head is in a million
places right now.
- Your designs are unique and
your business plan is solid.
Your golden.
- Thank you.
I'm trying to not be nervous.
but after all the work
I've put into this.
it's hard to not worry
about the rejection.
Not to mention how badly I
want to stop waiting tables
and put all my energy into this.
- You'll get there.
- You really think so?
- I know so.
(gentle music)
- The designs feel
fresh. That's a start.
- Thanks.
- Production could
use a little work.
- Okay.
- Who makes your patterns?
- I do actually.
- Hmm.
How do you plan to scale?
- Well. as you'll see
in my business plan.
once I get seed money.
I'm going to focus a healthy
portion on marketing.
- I guess my biggest
question is. why?
Why should women buy from you?
How do you rise above the noise?
- Well. on page 8 of
my pitch deck there's-
- This isn't something you
can find in a pitch deck.
This is something you have
to go out there and earn.
You're very talented.
I don't think you're quite
what we're looking for at CMC.
- So what exactly
are you looking for?
- If you expect us to
go above and beyond
to make Silver Halo
a household name.
we expect you to
be doing the same.
(Hayley sighs)
(gentle music)
(door creaks open)
- Congratulations!
How did she not invest?
Your designs are next level.
- Apparently my
work ethic isn't.
- You're the hardest
worker I know.
- She doesn't think I'm
willing to go above and beyond
for my brand.
What does that even mean?
- It means you'll
find another partner.
Someone better.
- You're the best.
Okay. Spill it.
- Okay. fine.
But I feel bad telling
you when you're so sad.
- I will feel a lot
worse if you don't.
- Okay.
So I happened to be
browsing a few fan sites
for "Heart Choices."
as I am known to do.
And I may have stumbled
on a special announcement.
- And?
- They're coming to the Bay Area
to cast mid-season
replacements tomorrow.
I'm totally going.
- You're totally kidding. right?
(quirky music)
Oh. okay.
- Yay!
(both giggling)
I still can't believe
you're doing this.
- Why?
You're the one who said
I needed to get out more.
- Not like this.
- Hayley. if I get this.
I'll be wearing evening
gowns half the time.
your evening gowns.
Do you know how much that
could help your sales?
- Yeah. all for the
price of my best friend.
Sold.
- Don't be so dramatic.
It's a game.
a game I'm gonna
be really good at.
- Hold up. What's this?
- Relax. it's a photo release.
Just means if we're
on the premises.
we're agreeing to be filmed.
- What? I never agreed to that.
- If you're so paranoid.
just wait outside.
But. if you are the
least bit curious
to peek behind the curtain.
I'll be on the seventh floor.
- The right to edit or alter.
What?
- You here for the casting?
- No. no. my friend is.
I'm just here for moral support.
- Oh.
Well. you can't provide a
whole lot of moral support
from down here. can you?
- True. but there's a part of me
that wants to
protest her decision.
and I haven't decided
which side is gonna win.
- Hmm. must not be a big
fan of the show then. huh?
- I mean. it's fine.
if you want to veg
out for two hours.
But the overall concept
is pretty ridiculous.
Love is something
that just happens.
it can't be staged.
- Well. you'd be amazed
at what we can do
in the editing room.
- You're with the show?
- Come to the seventh
floor. and find out.
(quirky music)
Wow. Great.
Really great stuff. Carla.
thank you so much.
Really unique.
We'll let you know
if we need you.
- Oh. what about me?
- Oh. hey. don't worry. Darla.
you're in the mix. too.
- [Darla The Dummy] Bye-bye.
- Puppet girls out. I take it.
- Unfortunately her dummy
was way more interesting
than she was.
- It is slim pickings out here.
Are you sure this
was a good idea?
- I had to do something.
Emily is expecting
big things out of me.
I have to deliver.
- Well. if you
could hurry it up.
I'd appreciate it.
- Hey. you are in one
of my favorite cities
with one of your favorite
co-workers. okay.
Try and enjoy yourself.
- I would if I thought
this was going to pay off.
So far it's a bust
and you know it.
- Just sip your latte
and be patient. okay.
She's out there. I feel it.
- Uh. you know. I
don't do feelings.
- Next!
(quirky music)
I'm gonna take five.
This is all you.
- Hi.
Oh. Wow.
- I knew you'd come.
- Of course. you knew.
What was my tell?
- Just that you love me
and you secretly want to
help me crush this thing.
- Okay. Well. let's get to work.
- Okay.
- Why do you want
to be with Marco?
- Free vacation to Hawaii.
- Whoa. way too honest.
- Because we're
destined to be together.
- Lot of conviction for
a man you've never met.
Maybe we try something
like in the middle.
- I'm willing to do
the work that it takes
to build a long and
lasting relationship.
If Marco shares those values.
then it was meant to be.
- Well. now you're scaring me.
- I told you. I'm good at this.
- So go on a game
show and win a car.
- Or go on this
and win a fiance.
- Cars are a lot
easier to trade in.
- Look. you've made it
clear this is a bad idea.
- Terrible idea. but go on.
- But I'll be doing it
all in your dresses.
building a following
for your line.
- Eh. I'll find some other
way to reach the masses.
- Okay. look. it's
not only about you.
I have a plan.
I don't want to win. I
want first runner up.
- Because?
- Because first runner up
becomes Queen of
Hearts next season.
And statistically
couples last longer
when the woman picks.
Move over. Marco.
it's my time to shine.
- Bree Manford!
- That's me.
- Why don't you have your
friend come in as well.
You know. for moral support.
- Please.
- [Luke] You've got it.
- [Both] Are you serious?
- I wouldn't joke about
offering you a spot
on "Heart Choices."
- (chuckles) But her audition
hasn't even started yet.
- Well. let's just
say we've seen enough.
- Great.
- How?
- Well. casting for
a show like this
is more of an art
than a science.
I got to go with my gut.
And so far. my gut
has not let me down.
I really think Marco
and all of Heart Nation
will be very interested in you.
Now for the contracts.
- Awfully thick.
- Well. that's because
there's two of them.
One for each of you.
The network likes the idea
of best friends going
on the show together.
- By the network. you mean you?
- Well. I represent
the network. so yes.
Usually the women on the
show are frenemies at best.
I think it would be
great to showcase
a true friendship. for once.
- So why not just
get two best friends
who are actually
fans of the show?
I mean. I already told
you how I feel about it.
- Well. I think it
would be refreshing
to have a skeptic on the show.
have a contestant that
the other half of America
will relate to.
- I'm sorry. but
it's not happening.
at least not for me.
- Well. unfortunately we
have to take both of you
or neither of you.
So the choice is yours.
(quirky music)
- Can we have a minute?
- Absolutely.
- Uh. with the camera off.
Thanks.
- Hayley. this is great.
We can both wear your dresses.
the promotion will be priceless.
- You don't think it
feels too fake. too weird.
- It's a week in Hawaii with me.
How bad can it get?
- I don't know if you
want me to answer that.
- Don't think of it as anything
but a business decision.
That's all.
That investor you met with asked
if you would go above and
beyond for your business.
what do you call this?
- This is beyond. beyond.
But yeah. I see your point.
Maybe this is a way to prove
that I am willing to
think outside the box
to promote my brand.
- Yes!
- But still I
don't love the idea
of putting our
privacy in the hands
of that scheming producer.
- You two done
talking about me yet?
So. what's it gonna be?
(Hayley sighs)
(bright music)
- Wow.
Can you believe this?
It's beautiful.
- What have we done.
(bright music)
- I made a flow chart of how
the next week could play out
on the flight.
If we stick to the plan
we all get what we want
and no one gets hurt.
- This really is a game to you.
- Eyes on the prize. baby.
eyes on the prize.
- Oh boy.
what am I gonna do with you?
Hi. I'm Hayley. if you remember.
I think we met briefly
at the audition.
- I appreciate the refresher.
Now. cough it up.
- She wants your phone.
- Oh. look. somebody read
their welcome packet.
For those of you who forgot.
My name is Marie and
I am your first AD.
aka Assistant Director.
aka your worst nightmare
if you don't do what I say.
Have you read your contracts?
Nope. No one does.
So I'll sum it up.
Rule number one.
for the next seven
days you belong to us.
No devices. no news.
no social media.
We shoot the episodes a
few weeks before they air.
So whatever goes down on
set. keep it to yourself.
- What if we slip up
and say something?
- You see how many people
piled out on that golf cart?
We have three times as many
lawyers back at the studio.
So that thought along
with this riveting speech
should keep you
from slipping up.
Rule two. the minute you
step out of your bungalow.
the cameras are
on. mics are live.
If you don't want to filmed.
don't say it.
Three. stay away from Marco...
unless we're here to film it.
I do not like secret rendezvous.
You did not come
here for privacy.
so get that out
of your head now.
Rule number four.
stay away from the fountains.
- Wait. what's in the fountains?
- A mixture of arsenic
and sulfuric acid.
- Serious.
- Of course not.
But I'm serious about
staying away from them.
- Right? Sorry. I
was just curious.
- Don't be curious.
That's not a rule. but
still that annoys me.
Believe me. life is much
better when I'm not annoyed.
Rule number five.
your best friend around here is-
- Let me guess?
You. (chuckles)
Okay.
Sorry. Yeah.
I sometimes like to
joke. but I won't...
I won't do that.
- It's your call sheet.
It lists out a personal
schedule of where you should be
and when you should be there.
What's the first
thing your says?
- "Bree. lobby B-roll. 1:30."
Perfect. I'll have time
to do some yoga first.
- Oh. good call. I could
use a good stretch.
- Oh. really? So could I.
I would love to breathe
in some good intentions.
Too bad our call
sheet says otherwise.
- Uh. "Hayley interview.
overlook noon."
That's in ten minutes.
- Mm. best lighting
in the whole place.
Better take some selfies.
- I can't though.
you took my phone.
- I know.
(Marie laughs)
Sometimes I like to joke. too.
(quirky music)
(both awkwardly laughing)
- [Bree] We got to hurry.
You don't want to be late
for your first interview.
- Live mics. golf
carts full of lawyers.
Are we really doing this?
- Oh. come on.
What happened to going
above and beyond?
- I'm trying. there's
just one problem.
How am I gonna pretend to
be smitten with Marco Tate
of Columbus. Ohio?
I don't know how
long I can fake this.
- Might not be much longer.
There's an elimination
ceremony tonight.
Three girls get a heart.
three girls get sent home.
- "Formal attire required."
There's a way I can win tonight.
I'll wear one of my
best evening gowns.
get my dress noticed
by millions of people.
get eliminated
and get sent home.
- Well. what if Marco
gives you a heart?
- He won't. I'll
make sure of it.
If anyone can blow their chances
with America's heartthrob.
it's yours truly.
(both laughing)
- Enough chit-chat lady.
(golf cart honking)
time to go!
- Oh. boy.
- Well. good luck.
- Thanks.
(sighs) Here we go.
I have a question.
Well. I have several. actually.
- How about I just call
you Curious from now on?
- I just need to know what
this interview is all about.
- We use it to introduce
you to the audience.
Hayley. 20-something.
why you want to be with Marco?
- Why I want to be with Marco?
I hadn't really thought
about that too deeply.
- Well. you got about a 10
seconds while they mic you up.
You'll think of something.
- Is there someone else
who can interview me?
- Honey. Luke is the showrunner.
you might as well
get used to him.
- I just feel like he
manipulates the questions
to make you say what he wants.
- Welcome to reality TV.
(gentle guitar music)
- Perfect.
You ready?
- [Hayley] Yup.
Ready as I'll ever be.
- All right.
Right here. Here we go.
(gentle serene music)
- Can I ask what
you're doing. exactly.
- Just doing a little
yoga while I have a break.
- Yeah. I could see that.
but why are you blindfolded?
- Partly to prevent distractions
from random strangers.
- My bad.
- But mostly to
strengthen my core.
With your eyes closed. it's
much harder to balance.
- To be honest. nothing
about that looks hard.
- Well give it a try tough guy.
- I thought you'd never ask.
(gentle guitar music)
All right. I am blindfolded.
What now?
- Put your hands
in prayer position
and bend your right knee.
Rest your right foot
on your left knee
or on the upper thigh.
And just hold that
as long as you can.
(both chuckling)
- You weren't
kidding. That is hard.
Thanks for showing me. Who knew?
- Glad I could be your
impromptu instructor.
- I haven't seen you around.
Are you new to the crew?
- You could say that. Yes.
- Well. thanks for the pointers.
definitely need to do more yoga.
at least to help me de-stress.
especially before
these eliminations.
I'm Marco. by the
way. what's your name?
- I'm late...
for something important.
Bye.
- For real?
It's nice to meet you. too!
(upbeat guitar music)
- Okay. instead of an interview.
let's have more of a
rapid-fire conversation.
Favorite street food?
- Tacos.
- Favorite drink?
- Rosé.
- Favorite first date?
- A short one.
- Why is that?
- You always have the
option to extend a date
if it's going well.
but if it's not.
somehow it feels like
time's in slow motion.
- I can see that.
It sounds like my job
description sometimes.
- Interesting.
So how am I doing right now?
Is this okay or is it
like watching paint dry?
- Hey. now. I ask the
questions around here.
Okay?
- Fine.
- Why did your last
relationship end?
- Apparently I deflect
too much. Why did yours?
- She didn't like my job.
Hey. now. stop doing that.
(both chuckling)
Um. okay.
Do you think you're ready
to meet Marco tonight?
- Why else would I be here?
(Luke chuckles)
- Hey Luke.
Emily wants to show you
my latest string out.
- Uh. just tell her
I'm finishing up here.
- I think you better come now.
- Sounds serious.
- Excuse me.
(bright music)
- There's a way I
can win tonight.
I'll wear one of my
best evening gowns.
get my dress noticed
by millions of people
and get eliminated and go home.
- Well. what if Marco
gives you a heart?
- He won't. I'll
make sure of it.
- I told you she had a story.
- Well. it's a rather short
one if she leaves tonight.
- Emily. please. have
a little faith. okay.
She's gonna stick around.
I got this.
- Run it back.
- Sure.
(quirky music)
(camera shuttering)
- We're all set. Thanks.
- Yeah. Is that good?
Okay.
- [Bree] Looking good. Hayley.
- Trying.
(Bree laughs)
- So we've been here
just over an hour
and I already broke
rule number three.
- Which rule is that again?
There's too many. it's
hard to keep track.
- I met Marco. Alone.
- You did?
- Well. he thought I was
a crew member on break
and he joined me for yoga.
- You little rule breaker.
- I didn't know it was him.
I was doing my
blindfolded practice.
- As only you do.
Oh. sorry. Go on.
- Anyway. Once I realized it
was him. I totally freaked.
My flowchart went
out the window.
- So what did you do?
- I ran away.
- No. you did not.
- But then I realized
that was actually the best
thing I could have done.
With all these girls
fawning over him.
playing hard to get could
be the key to winning.
- There's just one problem...
you don't want to win.
- True. But you
know what I mean?
- So what was he like?
- Mm. a little cocky. but fun.
And even cuter in
person than he is on TV.
- Ladies. you know it's
not nice to talk about me
behind my back.
- It's also not nice to sneak
up on people and scare them.
- Sorry. We have
a schedule change.
We need you two on the patio
with the contestants in...
20 minutes.
- "Pool-side wine tasting."
- Whoa! Whoa. what happened
to the formal dinner?
- Well. it's a lot of effort
to get dressed up every night.
we thought we'd
give y'all a break.
keep it casual.
- (laughing awkwardly)
That is very sweet of you.
But. um. when will we be getting
dressed up in evening wear?
- Well. with all these
schedule changes.
it looks like you won't be
able to do that until...
Yeah. the finale.
(quirky music)
See you in 20 minutes.
- Uh...
Well.
- (sighs) It's like he
knew what my plan was
and totally thwarted it.
- We gotta be more careful.
- Careful?
- Those cameras outside.
they must've heard us.
- Great. And now I'm
stuck till the finale.
- Look at it this way.
Every minute you're on-screen
means more eyeballs
on you and your brand.
- Wearing what?
Luke nixed all the evening
wear events till the end.
- "Wine tasting.
pool-side casual."
Just wear one of
your sun dresses.
- No. I can do better.
I just need my sewing kit.
(bright music)
music)
- Hey. you're late.
Where's Hayley.
- Uh. she's coming.
- Sorry. it took me a minute
to improvise something.
- Very ambitious.
Okay. let's go. We're rolling.
Come on.
- Well...
they seem nice.
- I'm gonna guess no one
told them we were coming.
- Also. why are
there four of them?
Weren't there 10 in
the last episode?
- Well. they shot a bunch
of episodes in-between them.
These ladies have been
through the ringer.
- That explains why they're
staring daggers at us.
- More like broadswords.
Should we kill
them with kindness?
- Famous last words.
- Who's gonna take Vanessa.
- Not it.
I'd rather deal with
two Skylars and a Luanne
than deal with her.
- Okay. fine.
I'll take one for the team.
On the plus side.
she's next to the
cheese platter.
I'm starving.
(Hayley laughing)
- All right. Silver
Halo on three.
- Ready? Break.
(gentle guitar music)
- Is this seat taken?
- It is now.
I'm Luanne.
- I saw the season premiere.
You were so brave
on that zip-line.
- Thanks.
I'm Hayley B. I
just got here today.
- We noticed.
Vanessa warned us. but
I didn't believe it.
So. what are you a fashion
designer or something?
- Actually. Yes.
- That's typical.
- I think I'm gonna go
get some Chardonnay.
- [Luanne] Mm-hmm.
- Well. well. well. if
it isn't the Skylar's.
(Hayley chuckles)
Yeah.
I'm Hayley. I'm not Skylar.
Okay.
- So. how's it going with Marco?
- Amazing.
We formed a strong
foundation from day one
and we've continued
to build from there.
And the chemistry. well...
you can't fake that.
- That pottery date
was so romantic.
- You've been watching the show?
Do people think that
I'm a front runner?
- You're definitely
a household name.
- (sighs) Who are they painting
as the villain this season?
It's Skylar B. isn't
it. You can tell me.
(Bree chuckles)
- Hi.
- Vanessa. have you met Hayley?
- Best friends. I take it?
- Since we were 8 years old.
- How cute? Here for each other.
Me. I'm here for Marco.
and I am not leaving
this island without him.
- Uh. and what just happened?
- She's playing the clip game.
Every time she gets a clip.
good or bad.
makes her role bigger.
- So people remember her?
- And she stays on the show.
- Oh.
(quirky music)
- Marco!
Hey. man.
Okay. let's use the
earpiece sparingly.
all right. we don't want
it to sound too canned.
- Are people saying
that it does?
- No. we always smooth
things out in editing.
it just always sounds better
when it's from the
heart. you know.
Yours. not mine.
- I'm sorry. man.
It's muscle memory.
I mean all those years of
my coach on the headset.
calling in the plays.
and this is a lot
more stressful.
- Well. we're gonna
mix things up tonight.
So look. I trust you.
Just roll with it. Have fun.
Don't be afraid to
call an audible.
- Are you sure?
'Cause Keith always said to
just say what she told me.
- Well. Keith
isn't here anymore.
You'll be great.
(gentle music)
(bright music)
- And now it's time
for the King of Hearts
to meet some new faces.
(bright music)
- Hi.
- Hi. (laughs)
- Bree. it feels like
we've met before.
- I know what you mean.
- Where would it have been?
A concert or a coffee shop...
A yoga class?
- If you keep me around awhile
I'm sure we'll figure it out.
- So I hear that
you're a risk assessor
for a large insurance firm.
What's that like?
- A matter of life and death.
(both laughing)
- I like a girl with
a good sense of humor.
- I like a guy
with a great laugh.
- Fill in the blank.
- Okay.
- I don't want to leave
this island without-
- Seeing a rainbow.
- Wait. you've never
seen a rainbow?
- Not a Hawaiian rainbow.
- What's the difference?
- They're supposed
to be magical.
I mean. this is the
rainbow state after all.
- I'll keep my eyes
peeled for you.
- Thank you.
- Last question.
- Okay.
- Describe your
perfect first date?
- Something relaxed but active.
Chill. but also challenging.
Have you ever heard
of blindfolded yoga?
- I'll have to check it out.
(chuckles) Well. I'm
really looking forward
to getting to know
you more. Bree.
- Me. too.
- Was that all him?
- Every word.
- Way to go. Marco.
- Might not need that
earpiece after all.
- Right. Go for Marie.
- Why does he need an ear piece?
- You scared me.
- Well. now you
know how it feels.
But seriously. is he
wearing an earpiece?
- It's just precautionary.
- Are you feeding him his lines?
- No!
Sometimes we like to give a.
you know. a romantic assist.
That's all.
- If only dating
was a team sport.
- Well around here.
it kind of is.
- Anybody got eyes on Hayley B?
- Five. four. three-
- What?
- What are you doing back here?
Talent is not allowed
in video village.
- Oh. you called me Talent.
I thought my name was Curious.
- I don't care what your
name is. Get out of here.
- So how do I know if I'm
talking to you or him out there?
- Ooh. you don't.
- Time is money!
(bright music)
- Marco. Hi.
- Hi.
- So nice to meet you.
- You too.
- Ask her where
she got the dress.
- Where'd you get your dress?
- Oh. I actually made it
myself this afternoon.
- Amazing. How long did it take?
- How long did it take you?
- About 27 minutes.
I had something else planned.
but you know. had to make
a game-time decision.
- Well. you look
absolutely stunning.
- Let's just say
you inspired me.
(soft guitar music)
- Marie. do you copy?
- [Marie] Go for Marie.
- Over to channel two. please.
- Hey.
- Hey. don't look at me.
these are the names Emily
gave over the walkie.
- (sighs) You sure
you heard it right?
- Well. it was a lot of static.
Luke. whatever you're doing.
I didn't see it.
- Thank you.
sic)
- And now this adventure
will come to an end
for three of these
lovely ladies.
Marco. are you ready to
make some heart choices?
- Here we go.
(dramatic music)
Vanessa...
would you step forward?
No one can deny that
you're your own woman.
(Vanessa chuckles)
And every time I see you.
I can't help but wonder...
what's gonna happen next.
(Hayley chuckles)
Will you accept this heart?
- Of. course.
(Vanessa chuckles)
(dramatic music)
- Bree...
will you step forward?
I know I just barely met you.
but somehow I feel like
we've always known each other
and I'd hate for you to
not see that rainbow.
Will you accept this heart?
- I...
Yes.
(both giggling)
(dramatic music)
- Luanne...
would you step forward?
Your knowledge of
astrology is...
well. astronomical.
I always knew that
I was a Cancer.
but without you I
never would have known
that my moon was in Virgo.
Let alone the fact that
my Venus was in Gemini.
(Luanne chuckles)
Ironically. the more you
taught me about my chart.
the more I realized that our
stars don't actually align.
I may have never realized
that without you.
So. thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Unfortunately. I don't
have a heart for you tonight.
(dramatic music)
Hayley...
can you step forward?
You're smart. ambitious.
word on the street is
you're also very curious.
I haven't been able to spend
much time with you yet.
so I'm curious to find out
who the real Hayley is.
Will you accept this heart?
(dramatic music)
- Marco I'd...
love for you to get
to know the real me.
but in order for that to happen.
this needs to go both ways.
You can't be the only
one asking the questions.
Relationships are
based on trust.
If you want me to
be open with you.
I need you to be
open with me. too.
Is that fair?
- Absolutely.
(Hayley chuckles)
- You did it.
We made it through our
first heart ceremony.
- Thanks. I think.
- I can't believe
I'm holding an actual
"Heart Choice's" ceremonial
heart with my name on it.
I can't wait to show
the girls my bracket.
they're gonna freak.
Wait. what happened to yours?
- I think I have a
pretty good theory.
- Let me guess another
one of your gut feelings.
- Isn't that why you hired me?
- Surprises are
for the audience.
not the host. Luke.
- Look. Luanne has had
five episodes to pop.
Her story was played out.
I had a hunch that Hayley
would deliver tonight
so I changed the play.
Honestly. I think Marco
was really intrigued
by her response.
- You sure he's the
one who's intrigued?
- Look. you hired
me to run this show.
You have to trust me.
- Okay.
But if at any point I feel
like things are slipping away.
I will snatch that
golden headset from you
as quick as I gave it.
Understand.
- Loud and clear.
- A romantic assist.
Gross.
- Luke said it's
not all the time.
but Marco definitely
wears an earpiece
during the elimination ceremony.
You can see it if
you look close.
- That's crazy.
For a minute it felt so organic.
It almost felt real.
- To be fair.
I did hear him tell Marie
that he specifically
was not coaching Marco
during your meet and greet.
but there were times
during mine when I swear
Luke was talking directly to me.
- Interesting.
Well. at least we know
what we're dealing with.
Speaking of.
we should go over the
next phase of the plan.
Tomorrow. if it's a group date.
let Vanessa drive the train.
- Drive the train
or the train wreck?
- Exactly.
Let her go down in flames.
And we look like
the better choice.
If it's a one-on-one.
play the ambivalent card harder.
make Marco work for it.
- And if it's a double?
- That's where
things get tricky.
- (sighs) I'm really
struggling. Bree.
The more I think about it.
I feel like Luke's
wardrobe curveball
may have put us in a
lose-lose situation.
- What do you mean?
- Say everything
goes to plan. right?
Vanessa gets eliminated.
We both make it to
the final ceremony.
We look stunning in our
Silver Halo evening wear-
- Sounds pretty great so far.
- Until he gives
out the final heart.
Neither of us wants to win.
but inevitably he is going
to give one of us the heart.
We can't both be second place.
- Shoot. You're right.
And I definitely don't have a
flow chart for that scenario.
- What do we do?
- I don't know yet.
We'll figure it out.
And whatever it is.
we do it together.
- There's nobody on earth
I'd rather face
nationally broadcasted
primetime humiliation with.
- That's the nicest thing
anyone's ever said to me.
- Hmm.
(knock on door)
What's that?
"Nice work. H.
Could be nicer.
Meet me in the garden
to find out how.
Come alone or not at all."
No signature.
- Not official show stationary.
This is black ops or
a trap or something.
You shouldn't go.
I wouldn't if I were you.
- Yeah. but your
nickname isn't Curious.
Hello?
Okay. Good one.
You got me.
Although I'm a very easy mark.
so don't be too
proud of yourself.
- You don't give
yourself enough credit.
Even I underestimated you.
Challenging Marco with
that speech about trust
was a pro-level move.
Brava. my dear. Brava.
- Vanessa. we shouldn't be-
- No need to whisper.
the fountain
scrambles the audio.
Why else would there
be a no fountains rule?
This is the only place us
girls can tell secrets.
I'd like to propose
a partnership-
- With me?
- As arch rivals. of course.
If we up the ante together.
we could send the
ratings through the roof.
- Define upping the ante?
- Don't be coy.
You know exactly what I mean.
The nice girl persona
will only get you so far.
If you want to
make an impression.
you need to show some edge.
Throw a tantrum.
lock yourself in your bathroom
and refuse to come out.
Toss wine in my face.
(Hayley laughs)
What? You don't think
I could take it?
- Oh. no. no. it's not that.
- You think that
I can dish it out.
but I'm too prissy to
get my hands dirty.
- I assure you.
that's not what I-
- Throw your wine in my face.
- I'm not going to do that.
- Oh. come on.
It's a safe space.
No cameras. no Marco.
Give it a go. Let me prove
it that I mean business.
Do it!
- Eh!
(drink splashing)
- Hmm. not bad
for your first go.
Next time keep your eyes open
and make sure to follow through.
- Uh!
(drink splashing)
- Think about my offer.
It won't last much longer.
You know where to find me?
- Yep.
Yeah.
- Should I be sad that Vanessa
didn't want to form
an alliance with me?
- (chuckles) Go ahead.
She's all yours.
She probably thinks
you're a threat
if she thinks she needs
help taking you down.
- Look at you figuring
out the strategy.
- (laughs) I learned
from the best.
- You mean me or Vanessa?
- Oh. now I guess both.
By the way. did you see her
name wasn't on the call sheet
for the group date.
She's gonna be so
mad she missed out.
- They must be playing
up the drama of...
"Two best friends buying
for the same man."
- Que dramatic drumbeat.
- (laughs) Little do they know.
we are the ones playing them.
- Dun. dun. dun!
- Okay. cowgirls.
I hope you like horses because
it's time to saddle up.
- I love horses.
I grew up with them.
- And I'm deathly
allergic to them.
- Oh.
A police horse nuzzled her
at a parade in fifth grade.
She had to go to the ER.
- And you're just
telling me this now?
What did you think a
10:00 AM ride meant?
- Mountain biking?
(horse neighing)
(quirky music)
(Bree awkwardly chuckles)
- We have an issue.
Hayley is severely
allergic to horses.
- (scoffs) Well. there goes
our double date dramatics.
- Oh. yeah. Too bad.
So that's an early
wrap then. huh?
- Yeah. Nice try.
No. we'll just have to. uh...
we'll have to
divide and conquer.
- I don't have the
crew or the gear
to run two separate units.
- Right.
Okay. well I'll run camera here.
continue my interview
with Hayley.
And you. you can direct the
main unit with Bree and Marco.
What's the matter?
You worried you won't be
able to fill my cowboy boots?
- I'm worried you're gonna
leave the lens cap on.
- Ouch.
I may be rusty. but it
hasn't been that long.
- How about I do the
interview with Hayley
so you can stay with first team?
Unless you have a preference.
- Why?
What does it seem like I do?
- Guess we'll tune in
next week to find out.
We all set cameras?
All right. let's do this.
When I call action.
you're gonna walk the horse
and slowly towards me.
then look back at Bree like
you're infatuated with her
and then Bree you do the same.
then we'll reset
till we get it right!
- That was a lot of information.
Did you get all that?
- They have a very specific way
of doing things around here.
It can be really annoying.
- I don't get it.
You're the star.
Why don't you just tell
them you want to improvise?
- Because every time
I try they yell.
"Quiet on the set!"
- Well. maybe if you just-
- [Marie] Quiet on the set!
- Told you.
- Hold the roll.
we're reloading.
- Honestly. I'm
pretty used to it.
- What do you mean?
Ever since the peewee leagues
I've always had a
coach in my ear.
And then in the pros. I
got a physical trainer.
diet consultant. a
financial planner.
The list goes on and on.
It gets to the point
you don't do anything
without asking someone first.
- Maybe it's time
to call a reverse.
- Oh. just gallop off
in the other direction.
never let them catch me?
I grew up in Downtown Columbus.
I have never
galloped in my life.
- Do you trust me?
(horse neighing)
(bright music)
- Oscar!
Get me my golf cart. now!
♪ It's like when you're
far away from me ♪
♪ I get lost in the crowd ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Because when I'm
in a room with you ♪
♪ That missing piece is found ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
(energetic music)
- [Hayley] Okay. but.
um. more importantly.
I do think we need to talk
about your dating life.
- Oh. my dating life. Okay.
- Yes.
- [Hayley] What's your M.O.?
Do you like to be friends first?
- Ha-ha!
You know. I don't
believe in M.Os.
I think if you got
something good.
then friendship goes in the
back burner pretty fast.
- Okay. Okay.
Keep going.
Ideal woman.
- Ideal woman.
I don't know how to
describe her per se.
All I know is when I
meet her. I'll feel it.
Okay. What about you?
Describe for me
Hayley B's ideal man.
- Okay.
Well. he makes me laugh and...
he's there when I cry.
He's passionate.
He's not threatened by a partner
who wants something
more in life as well.
And most importantly. he...
has his priorities straight.
He'd moved mountains to
make sure we're together.
What? You don't like my answer?
- I can work with that.
- So when is the real
interview gonna start?
- That's the beauty. it's done.
- What?
But where were those
loaded questions
and clever turns of
phrase you're so fond of?
- I have a list in my notebook.
if you want me to get it out.
- No. no. you don't need
to grab your notebook.
This is much more...
open.
- Thanks for the reminder
at the ceremony last night.
I really needed it.
- You're welcome.
- Made me think about why
I got into this business
in the first place.
I mean. not reality TV.
but just filmmaking.
Documentaries specifically.
That's what I studied
in college. at least.
- And now you're doing this?
- I know.
(laughs) I know.
I've turned to the
dark side. I get it.
But in a way you did too. right?
- I don't want to talk about it.
- Well. good because I
already packed the camera
and everything up.
so I'm not getting
all that back out.
(Hayley laughing)
- I would hate
to inconvenience you.
- Yeah. no. come on.
I'm done for the day.
(romantic music)
- [Bree] I learned
something new today.
- [Marco] What's that?
- Horses are faster
than golf carts.
(both laughing)
- I am never gonna hear
the end of this from Marie.
but it's so worth it.
Ah. it's so nice to not
have a camera in my face.
- Which kind of
begs the question.
Why did you come
on a reality show?
- What. you didn't buy my line?
It's a journey I've never
been more ready to take.
- I swear every King of
Hearts has said that same line
since season one.
- Oh. so you do watch the show?
- Like when I have time.
(both laughing)
- When I blew out my knee.
I knew that football wasn't
in the cards for me anymore.
My agent thought it would
be a good idea to do it.
to keep me in the
spotlight. he said.
I know how that sounds.
but I'm just being honest.
I was worried that people
would forget about me.
- You were all pro in
your rookie season.
I don't think you have
to worry about that.
- So. you're a sports fan. too?
- I dabble.
- All Right. What about you?
You seem like a deep person.
why would you go on a
notoriously shallow dating show?
(Hayley chuckles)
- Wait. do you see that?
- [Marco] What?
- It looks like it's
raining over there
and it's still sunny over here.
- Right. You're
on rainbow watch.
- Do you see one?
- Maybe it's one of those
things you can't find
until you stop looking for it.
- Maybe you're right.
(romantic music)
We should probably
start heading back.
- Just a few more minutes.
- Okay. fine.
- You could have killed
the King of Hearts.
What were you thinking?
- He said he'd
never ridden before.
but he was fine.
A total natural.
We found the best view
and just sat and talked.
Still didn't see
a rainbow though.
- I have faith in you.
- This is gonna
sound really cliche
given the circumstances.
But. I actually feel a
real connection with him.
- Interesting.
- He really opened
up to me today.
It was refreshing to see
a guy be so vulnerable.
It caught me off guard.
- This is so meta right
now. it's freaking me out.
- I know I promised
I wouldn't let myself
get sucked into this.
but honestly I can't
stop thinking about him.
Is that insane?
- No. but this is...
Gin. again. that's
three games in a row.
- No deflecting. I need
your help with this.
- Okay. Sorry. sorry.
I totally understand.
Partly because I had a
great time with Luke today.
- Not you. too.
- We spent two hours
together at the ranch
and it felt like
it was 20 minutes.
- I know what that means.
- It's the worst.
A sure sign that
you're in to somebody.
(sighs) How did we
let them get to us?
We totally caved to
their manipulations.
- You know what. no.
we have to give ourselves
more credit than that.
What we're feeling
could be real.
We just have to make sure
we're vetting it properly.
- Exactly.
And we'll help each
other stay extra aware
so we don't get distracted
by the hype of the show.
- Right?
(knocking on door)
- Oh. my gosh. a heart!
- I hope it's a fantasy date!
- Marco's taking you on the
deserted island fantasy date?
- Don't be too offended.
it's not like these
dates are Marco's idea.
More likely this came from Luke.
- Well. don't make it personal.
He's just doing his job.
- You're right.
No need to get
distracted. right?
I mean. we can't control
what's gonna happen.
but we can make sure we
stay on an even keel.
- Right?
(upbeat lively music)
- So where's Marco and
the rest of the crew?
- Had to drop them off early
to make sure Luke
got all his B-roll.
We're a splinter unit
today. Single camera.
(water sloshing)
- And a single boat. I guess.
- Well. there's only one
person insured to drive talent.
I'll give you a
hint who that is.
She's walking beside you
and smells like gasoline.
- Oh.
Uh. do I have to
do cross-fit. too?
- No. you are all booked
up for a romantic walk
on the beach.
Romantic shell collecting
and a romantic lunch.
- Okay. everybody.
We got two hours to shoot this
before the swell gets to
be too big the S.S. Minnow.
So. let's do fantasy
speed date. Okay?
We'll just do rapid
fire. No brakes.
All right. Let's move.
Come on.
- He really takes all
the romance out of it.
- Keep telling yourself that.
- And action!
- Here. What do you think?
- Oh. that'll look great
on the necklace I'm making.
- You make jewelry. too.
- I dabble.
- I swear. you and
Bree are like twins.
- (laughs) Really?
- Yeah.
You both say some of
the same little phrases.
and some of the same mannerisms.
It's really cute.
- Well it makes sense.
We have been attached at the
hips since the third grade.
- That long. huh?
- Well. there was
a brief separation
in February of seventh grade.
But other than that. yes.
- Uh. oh. What was the drama?
(Hayley laughs)
- A boy she liked sent me a
cookie gram for Valentine's Day.
It was a whole thing.
- I can imagine.
- Since then we vowed never
to let a boy come between us.
- Until now at least.
- Nice try.
We came here in solidarity
and whatever happens
we're gonna leave her
stronger than ever.
- Well. we can't use that clip.
- Just let it play out.
- Emily's gonna lose it
if these girls keep themselves
in this friendship bubble.
- I think it's endearing.
- Making necklaces
for each other.
Don't they know they
on a reality show?
- What's the matter.
You never had a
best friend before?
- I did once.
but then he got obsessed
with somebody at work
and faded into obscurity.
Oh. boy. it's worse
than I thought.
- Hey. everybody
out of the water.
- What's wrong?
(dramatic music)
- Think I saw a...
(Marco screams)
- Jellyfish.
Hey. we got a medic at
the dock waiting for you.
Okay. You're gonna be all right.
- Ah! It really hurts.
- Well. at least it
wasn't a box jellyfish.
But I am glad we got
you out when we did.
Hey. hey. you getting all this?
- Seriously?
- Hey. we can't
all go in one trip.
This boat maxes out
at three people.
I gotta drive.
Oscar's gotta shoot.
We can't let today
be a total wash.
- Okay. Well. I can stay.
- I'll stay.
- Is that okay. Hayley?
- Of course.
- Great.
If there's any trouble.
it's plenty of
supplies in the hut.
- Wait. what kind of supplies?
- Wine. catered lunch.
a whole lot of tiki torches.
- Oh.
(quirky music)
(boat engine firing)
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Okay.
(Marco groaning)
- The doctor thinks you'll
be walking within the hour.
That's a relief.
- For me or for the show?
- Marco. please. What
do you take me for?
Say the word and I will
cancel the rest of the day.
We can definitely postpone the
paint and sip with Vanessa.
- Thank you.
- Marie. can you let her know?
- You're the boss.
- And when you're done.
will you let Bree know that
her golf date with Marco
isn't going to happen.
I'm sure she'll be upset.
so break it to her gently.
- You know what? I
think I'll manage.
It's already feeling better
and I don't want to put
you guys behind schedule.
So-
- What a trooper. Thank you.
- No problem.
- Now where's. Luke. I
need an updated shot list.
- We had to leave them on
the island with Hayley.
The capacity maxes
out at three people.
- The boat fits five people.
- I did not know that.
- Well. now that you do.
why don't you go get them?
- Copy that.
Just as soon as the
tide's back out.
(upbeat bright music)
- Hey. it looks like
Marco's recovering nicely...
and Marie's gonna come back as
soon as the swell dies down.
- No cameras.
a private beach.
catering. wine...
Unacceptable.
- Is this a new one?
(Hayley laughs)
- I made it this morning.
Nothing you can't
do with scissors.
safety pins and hem tape.
- How did you even
get into all that?
- Designing my own clothes?
It sprang from desperation.
My mom made all my dance teams
outfits in middle school.
but then she bought this thing
that blinged out
your leotard and...
I'm sure you have no
idea what I'm talking.
- Are you kidding me?
I've got twin sisters.
Their closet was
fully bedazzled.
- Oh. I stand corrected.
(Luke laughs)
So anyway. I took over on
dance wear and it just clicked.
I love helping people
look their best.
And then I got a scholarship
to fashion school
and the rest is history.
Well...
except for the part where
I haven't been able to find
investors or successfully
launch my line.
That part is kind of TBD.
- It'll happen.
I mean...
it takes a lot of resilience
to do what you do.
People like you don't give up.
- You mean. people like us?
- Mm. I don't know about that.
- You're the hardest
worker on this set.
Well. maybe except for Marie.
- Fair.
- I mean. come on you're
show running a network show.
you wear the golden headphones.
you've already succeeded.
- Yeah. but it's
not what I wanted.
It's not what I set out to do.
- Okay. then what did
you set out to do?
- You sure you want to
know. it's a long story.
- I think I have time.
(Luke chuckles)
- I'm glad we have
this alone time.
I started to feel
so distant from you
ever since. you know
who came on the show.
- I think it through
us all for a loop.
- None of that matters now.
It's just me and you...
and the canvas. of course.
I'm dying to see what the
muse has inspired you to do.
- Oh. I think we
might have to manage
your expectations a bit.
- I'm sure it'll be great.
As a thalassophile-
- Thalasso-what?
- Excuse me. it means
lover of the sea.
Naturally I draw my
inspiration from the deep.
But this time I was
inspired by something
equally as intriguing...
You.
Marco?
- Hmm.
- Did you hear what I said?
- Yeah. totally.
I'm sorry. Can you say it again?
- Look. it's okay.
No need to apologize.
You've had a really
stressful day.
- Yeah.
- I'm ready to show
you my painting.
(quirky music)
What do you think?
- Wow!
That is something.
- I know.
- The detail.
- The scales are
perfectly to scale.
That was the hardest part.
- This is not good.
- It's better than
anything I could do.
- I'm not talking
about the Merman.
I'm talking about the fact
that they've been
painting for an hour
and he said a total
of five words to her.
He's losing all interest in
our highest-rated contestant.
- Well. maybe it's just
the jellyfish incident.
that really shook him up.
- What shook him up was
Bree coming on the show.
You saw the way that he reacted
when I canceled their date.
a complete 180.
He's falling in love with her.
- Isn't that the point?
- Not when you could see
it coming from a mile away.
America wants a surprise ending.
They want to be shocked.
We're gonna have
to tip the scales.
- It's a docu-series where we
take people 100 years or older
and we do a featurette
on their lives.
their history.
the impact they've made.
it's called "Centurions."
It's kind of a play words.
- I would totally
binge watch that.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean think about the
collective knowledge they have.
- Right?
Like think about all the
stories that they must have.
And you know. a whole
goal would be...
to capture their lives and
preserve their memories forever.
- That is a great idea.
You should definitely do it.
- Well. it's easier
said than done.
- I know the feeling
all too well.
- I mean. I swore that
I wouldn't do this show
after the first season.
and here I am five years later.
- Well. you got promoted.
That's a big deal.
- No. it is. Yeah.
And if the network
likes what I do here.
they might take a risk on
my series in the future.
Who knows.
- That's great.
- It's a lot of pressure.
- Pressure can turn
coal into diamonds.
- [Luke] Hmm.
(bright music)
(golf cart engine running)
(Marco laughing)
- They gave you
your own golf cart?
- Only after I was
attacked by a wild animal.
- Well. I'm happy
you're out and about.
but we should probably
cancel the golf date. right?
- I was actually wondering if
we could head up there early.
get there before
the cameras arrive.
- Okay. But where
are the golf clubs?
- Don't worry about it.
- How are we gonna golf
with no golf clubs?
- Do you trust me?
(Bree chuckles)
- Hang on.
- Okay.
Whoa!
(laughs) Why are going so fast?
- [Marco] Because I
don't want to miss it?
Coming up.
- [Bree] Slow down.
(Bree laughs)
- [Marco] Come on.
come on. Come on.
10 more seconds.
- [Bree] What are we
waiting for exactly?
- [Marco] For your wildest
dream to come true.
- This better be good.
- All right.
5...
4...
3...
2...
(water spattering)
Ta-da!
Hawaiian rainbows...
just like you asked for.
I told you I'd find you one.
- It's so beautiful. but...
I don't think it counts.
- Oh. come on.
Do I at least get
credit for effort?
- Extra credit.
(romantic music)
So...
what do we do now?
- There's only one option
as far as I'm concerned.
(both laughing and screaming)
(romantic music)
- [Hayley] So. what
did you decide?
- [Luke] What do you mean?
- About the next elimination?
No. one's around.
You can tell me.
who's it gonna be?
- You'll have to ask Marco.
- Oh. come on.
You don't have to
play coy with me.
I know you're the one
pulling the strings.
- Oh yeah. Okay. proof it.
- Oh. well first it was
the wardrobes switcheroo.
Then it was the earpiece reveal.
And then the clincher was
my name and what I'm
assuming was your handwriting
on the heart that Marco gave me.
- Very good. counsel.
You have any further evidence?
- Just tell me who
you're sending home.
Vanessa or me?
- How do you know
it's not. Bree?
- Well. you'd be stupid
to send Bree home.
she's the only one with any
actual chemistry with Marco.
- Why do you want to know
so bad? Are you nervous?
- Yeah. I'm nervous
I'm gonna get a heart.
I don't want to
be in the finale.
- What happened to
wearing your evening gown
on national television?
- It's not worth getting
pitted against Bree.
Even though it's fake drama.
it feels so seventh grade.
- Cookie gate part two.
- Exactly.
Just send me gracefully
into the night.
I'll find a better way
to promote my brand.
- So you want me to get
you eliminated. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. there's just
one problem with that.
- Oh. yeah. What's that?
- I don't want you to leave.
- Hey. you two!
(boat engine roaring)
What I miss!
- Nothing.
- [Marie] Okay.
then. all aboard!
- Ma'am?
- Can this wait? I'm
in meditation here.
- Sorry to bother you.
But I think I found what
you were looking for.
(dramatic music)
- Uh! Well. thanks for the ride.
- No problem.
- Hey. so get some
sleep tonight.
Big day tomorrow.
- I will. Thanks.
- Good night.
Anytime you want to
thank me. I'm right here.
- Thank you. for killing the
moment with your water rescue.
- No. Did I really?
- No. it's not your fault.
But your timing was uncanny.
- You had six hours
for a moment to happen.
That's on you.
- I didn't know I
was on the clock.
Usually I'm the one
pulling the heartstrings.
How long you've been
planning that one.
- That was pure inspiration.
I saw an opportunity
and I pounced.
- Well. it was some next level
scheming and manipulation
on your part. I must say.
- Maybe I'm gunning for
your golden headsets.
- Well. they might be available
sooner than you might think.
How's Emily?
- Meant to warn you about that.
I'm not sure what was going on.
but she's got that
look in her eyes.
- Oh. no.
The. "I'm gonna take
matters into my own hands."
crazy eyes?
- Yup. That's the one.
- I know it all too well.
(upbeat music)
- Not bad having my
own personal stylist.
(Hayley laughs)
You really are a genius.
- I'm glad somebody thinks so.
I think blue for tomorrow.
Definitely.
- Okay.
I'm sad that the world will
have to wait to see you
don your amazing evening gown.
- I'm not sad at all.
- You sure?
- Honestly. I'm glad I
came to support you. and...
it's been really nice
getting to know Luke.
but when I think
about the anxiety
of standing up
there next to you.
pretending I want Marco
to choose me over you.
It just feels...
wrong.
It doesn't matter how
many dresses I would sell.
it's not worth it.
- Well. I mean. assuming
he picks me for the finale.
at least one of your
dresses will be featured.
- Oh. okay.
Uh. there's no assuming here.
I talked to Luke.
he said he would eliminate me
and Marco's obsessed with you.
So. yeah. you're gonna
be in the finale.
- Oh. I can't believe
I'm actually falling
for the King of Hearts.
- Just call him Marco. it
sounds way more normal.
- Right? Totally.
- (laughs) That's odd. Huh?
I don't see any like kissing
Marco in the sprinklers
on your big plan.
- I guess I can throw
that out the window.
- Oh. I think you can burn it.
It's the last remaining evidence
of your diabolical plan.
- Yes. definitely destroy it.
- Yeah.
It's gone.
- Thank you.
- We're done with that.
(lively music)
(balls clacking)
- Marco.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Everything okay?
- I'll let you be
the judge of that.
- [Announcer] On the next
episode of "Heart Choices."
Will...
he...
find...
out?
- It's a game. a game I'm
gonna be really good at.
I have a plan.
I don't want to win. I
want to be first runner up.
First runner up becomes
Queen of Hearts next season.
Move over. Marco.
it's my time to shine.
(dramatic music)
- Did she really say all that?
- You saw the tape?
Listen. I don't usually do this.
but I thought you
deserved to know
before the heart ceremony.
- I appreciate that.
- This isn't a
reflection of you. Okay.
America loves you.
They're gonna back
your decision 100%.
(dramatic music)
- [Luke] Hey. handsome.
You ready for tonight?
- Yup.
- Everything okay?
Yeah. Just got my game face on.
- Ah. okay.
Well. you know the deal.
- Thanks. but I don't think
I'll be needing that tonight.
- You sure?
- I don't want to sound canned.
- What?
Well. you don't have to use it.
You know. it's just a backup.
- You said it sounds better
when it comes from
the heart. right?
That's what I'm gonna do.
- Okay. All right.
Well. here are your hearts.
I think you'll be
pleased with the choices.
(gentle poignant music)
- [Marie] All
right! Quiet on set!
And we're rolling!
- And action!
- We welcome all of Heart Nation
back to tonight's
elimination ceremony.
Two contestants will
leave with a heart.
and one with there's broken.
Marco. what's going through
your head right now?
- A lot of reflection.
You know. so much has happened
over the last few days
and I just keep going
through it all in my mind.
I've spent what I thought
was some real quality time
with these three women.
And I've learned a
lot about who they are
and what makes them tick.
And I think in return. I've
shared a lot about myself.
So now I have...
a big decision to make.
- You certainly do.
So. what is your Heart's Choice?
- Okay. stick to the
game plan. Marco.
don't let me down.
- Bree...
can you step forward?
- Of course.
- Yes.
- Everything changed for me
the day that you
came on this show.
Before that I was in my head.
I was self-conscious.
All I could think about was
how I was being perceived.
in truth I wasn't being me.
but you changed all that.
You pushed me to
do what I wanted
and to just be who I am.
to open up myself
to you. completely.
which is why it hurt me so badly
when I found out that
the only real reason
you came on this
show was for a chance
to be next year's
Queen of Hearts.
(dramatic music)
- Oh. no.
- Now this may be a game
to you. but it's not to me.
I need to know if that's true
and I need you to
be honest with me.
- Marco. you have to understand-
- Yes or no...
was that your plan all along?
(dramatic music)
- Yes.
- Well. then you've
made my choice for me.
Goodbye. Bree.
(dramatic music)
- And just like that.
we're down to our
final two contestants.
Tune in next week to see Marco
make his final Heart Choice.
- That wasn't
supposed to happen.
- Sure. it wasn't.
Well. I hope you get
your precious ratings.
- Cut!
- Oh no. no. no.
don't cut those cameras.
You keep rolling.
Don't you dare stop.
And you. don't even think about-
- Ah!
(water splashing)
- Hey. hey. hey.
Come here. Come here.
Come on. Come on.
There's a towel
right over there.
- Hayley!
(knocking on door)
I promise I had no idea
Marco was gonna do that.
- You sure it wasn't
a romantic assist
from one of your
trustee gut instincts.
- He didn't even wear
the earpiece tonight.
He refused to. Okay.
That was all him.
- So then what
did you say to him
to make him talk
to Bree like that?
- Nothing. I swear.
- Uh-huh.
And how do I know
you're not lying?
- He's telling the truth.
They must've filmed
our conversation
in the waiting room
of the audition.
Remember?
- You were filming that?
- We film everything.
Like if there was any
dirt in that footage.
Emily's minions were gonna find.
- And if Marco heard what
I said about the show.
he had every right
to be mad at me.
- Heaven forbid
you let a private
conversation go to waste?
- I'm gonna go pack my things.
- I'm so sorry.
- Don't be.
We knew what this was. it
was a game and we lost.
We should've never let ourselves
get caught up like this.
- Well. let me go talk to Marco.
Let me see if I can fix this.
- It'll still be fake.
Nothing you can do
will change the fact
that none of this is real.
- No. I guess you were right.
I guess the best love
stories can't be staged.
they just happen.
(sighs) Again. I'm sorry.
(gentle poignant music)
- So what are you gonna do now?
- I'm leaving with you.
- I wouldn't do
that if I were you.
- Listen. Hayley. you've
got two choices here.
Either play ball. show up
to the finale tomorrow.
wearing whatever you
want. by the way.
Or you go home and Bree now.
get sued by the studio and...
you'll cost Luke his job.
I'm sure you'll make
the right decision.
- You were so right.
This is a lose-lose
situation for both of us.
- It's fine. I can
fake it for one hour.
I'll put on a smile.
I'll play their little game.
I mean. sure it'll kill
a piece of my soul. but-
- I'm not talking
about the show.
I'm talking about
Marco and Luke.
- Maybe it doesn't have to be.
- What do you mean?
- Maybe it's time
we give them a dose
of their own reality.
(blow dryer humming)
(knocking on door)
- So what's all this about?
- I've been thinking a
lot about the alliance
you talked about earlier.
- You're a little late
for that one. sweetie.
- What if it meant I could
guarantee you come out on top.
- Interesting.
But how do I know that this
isn't some sort of trick?
- I think this will
prove I'm serious.
I was saving it for myself.
but to be honest. it'll
look better on you.
- I'm listening.
- [Hayley] Marie. do you copy?
I'm in need of assistance.
Repeat. Do you copy?
This is Curious. Over.
- One. how'd you get
a walkie and two.
this better be good.
Over
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Here's to the
wandering child ♪
♪ Looking for a star to guide ♪
♪ Pushing through the
darkness of the night ♪
♪ Hold your hand
up to your heart ♪
♪ Know it's just a
chance to start ♪
♪ I know that it might
feel like it's too hard ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Love is where you are ♪
♪ Just know that love
is wherever you are ♪
♪ It will never be too far ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
- Okay. everyone listen up!
This is our last day.
so let's finish strong. okay?
I know that we all really
need a break after this.
but let's not forget why we
got into this business. okay.
Let's roll cameras.
- Rolling!
- Waiting on you. Luke.
- And action.
- Aloha and welcome
to the episode
you've all been waiting for.
where Marco will make a Heart
Choice for the last time.
Are you ready to decide?
- Absolutely.
- Let's bring out our ladies.
(dramatic music)
- Wow.
- You want to tell
me what's going on?
- Nope.
- Vanessa. You look stunning.
May I ask who you're wearing?
- Of course.
This is a dress
from Silver Halo.
my new favorite brand
from my favorite designer.
- I can see why.
And Hayley. Wow.
I did say you could wear
whatever you wanted.
but I see you took
it quite literally.
May I ask why you chose that?
- I'd tell you. but
it's a surprise.
- You know. I don't
like surprises.
- Yeah. you'll see soon enough.
(Hayley laughs)
- Okay.
Well then.
let's get to it shall we.
Marco. make a Heart Choice.
- Vanessa...
we might not have had as much
in common out of the gate.
but the one thing that I
noticed in you was consistency.
You never wavered in
you're interest in me
and that gives me the confidence
that you will always
be in my corner.
I'm not ready to
propose to you today.
but I hope that you
will accept this heart
and continue on this
journey with me.
- Marco. I'd love to.
but unfortunately I can't.
You see. I agree with
everything that you said.
I have been unwavering
in my interest in you.
but I deserve a man who
feels the same way about me.
It's clear to me that your
heart is with someone else.
(sobbing) Will I ever get
a real chance at love?
(horse neighing)
- Bree has a lot to say
about what you saw yesterday.
I hope you'll give her
the chance to explain.
I know she would do
the same for you.
- Do you know where
I can find her?
- No. but she says that you do.
Take Duke. he's a lot
faster than a golf cart.
(gentle upbeat music)
- What are we doing here?
Follow the horse!
- You heard the
woman. Let's move!
- Looks like you're gonna
need these more than I will.
- Bout time you realized that.
- You're gonna be great.
- You know I don't do feelings.
Come on.
(Luke laughs)
Oscar! My cart
better be loaded up!
Let's go!
(romantic music)
(horse neighing)
- I'm so sorry. Marco.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I just never thought I'd
actually find something real
on a show like this.
- It's okay.
Maybe it's one of those
things you can't find
until you stop looking for it.
(romantic music)
- [Hayley] Woo.
Ahchoo!
- Whoa. Gesundheit.
You weren't kidding about
that horse allergy. were you?
- Oh. I was not.
It is a very good thing
that wardrobe had
that laying around.
- Yeah. I mean. it
definitely made an impression
that's for sure.
I have to ask...
out of everything that
you just pulled off.
how did you get Vanessa onboard?
- Uh. I kind of convinced her
that she'd be the
next Queen of Hearts
and promised her custom
dresses for the whole season.
- Wow.
- Mm-hmm.
- Well. if that's not going
above and beyond for your brand.
I don't know what it is.
- I gotta say this reality
stuff is exhausting.
I don't know how you do it.
- You mean did it?
Yeah. today was my last day.
Successful or not. I
can't do it anymore.
And I look at you and you know.
I see that you're genuine
and passionate and real...
and that's who I want to be.
And it's who I want to be with.
- Wow. hold up.
you can't give out
hearts just yet.
we haven't even been
on an official date.
- Maybe we can change that
since I'll be spending
more time in the Bay Area.
- Wait. why?
- San Francisco's
my favorite city
and it happens to
be a good place
to start off my docu-series.
- You know. what's weird
is it also happens to be
the place where I live.
- Is it? Did you mention that?
- Maybe once or twice?
- I swear. I didn't know.
(Hayley laughs)
- I think it's a great idea.
- Well. I may not be moving
mountains to be near you.
but I am crossing an ocean.
So I hope that still counts.
- I can work with that.
- Yeah.
- Uh-huh.
♪ Love is where you are ♪
♪ Just know that love
is wherever you are ♪
♪ It will never be too far ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
(gentle upbeat music)